IND the genine refugee camp a burial
shroud becomes a child's
costume they take turns putting it on
emulating their Heroes Palestinian
Fighters killed by Israeli
soldiers it is normal for children to
mimic adults recreating the things they
see every day but in the occupied West
Bank what passes for normal seen Through
The Eyes of its children can seem
morbid we are playing Israelis and Arabs
the details of the game are the
occupation Army raids Arabs some of us
act as the soldiers and others are
Fighters someone gets wounded the Army
comes in and kills him then they storm
the house and then there are
clashes scenarios acted out against a
backdrop that is all too
real the Panic of running battles the
injured left in the street civilians
used as human Shields or taken prisoner
by Israeli
troops they take cover regroup and
prepare for the next
round with toys often cobbled together
from scraps they're prized
possessions the way they move is almost
tactical after all what other children
learn from movies these youngsters have
learned from real
life even rebuilding in the aftermath of
Israeli
raids they talk about war about the
incursions they want to protest and
fight they are very influenced by
whatever happens around them they see
young people being killed targeted in
air strikes and they ask why should we
have to live like this we must defend
ourselves psychologists say this is a
form of healing playing pretend War to
cope with the trauma of living in a real
one children use playing for different
things first of all just to able to
control situations where they feel they
are unable to to control because
children normally feel helpless
comparing to their parents they're
expressing what they're seeing and what
they're suffering because even if
they're uh laughing it's part of their
internal life this conflict where they
feel helpless and sometimes they feel
their parents or the adults around them
who supposed to provide them with
protection are helpless also or unable
to protect them it is about processing
pain and having some agency in their own
lives there say their behavior is not
necessarily
violent their circumstances are but in
their games they are
free because in the imagination of
Palestinian children they get to decide
who
wins Zay basravi Al jazer ramala the
occupied West Bank
Palestine make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer